Move content from abstract to intro as suggested by Eliot (#124)
thomas-fossati/draft-psa-token: draft-tschofenig-rats-psa-token.md

# Introduction

The Platform Security Architecture (PSA) is a set of hardware and firmware
specifications, backed by reference implementations and a security
certification program {{PSACertified}}.  The security specifications have been published by Arm,
while the certification program and reference implementations are the result of
a collaborative effort by companies from multiple sectors, including evaluation

> laboratories, semiconductor IP and security consultancy.  The main objective of

Author: ```suggestion
laboratories, IP semiconductor vendors and security consultancies.  The main objective of
```
